hello sisley had a lot with that
all wednesday not in hashtag fatiha
and yes I'll start now
this time also so paper car so the
first question come from it
underlined leszek climate you like
more and takers messi or ronaldo up
measure every case
then take there are many others
I do not like players in the communes
Nena is okay, but it's the best
I hope I have the question with
answered johannes 1906 you already have
times osnabrück against prußen münster im
I've already seen stadium, yes
two or three times and the two times
already with such explosion and smoke and
There's also a channel for that
I link this once a year
because I wanted to watch it there
underlined b04 hashtag fatiha i know
i would ask more color then a question
still as on classical in the stadium so
all in all, no idea
have six times at vfl twice hannover
and twelve schalke once in the wiestal
quite often he does not know her
every single case a couple of times the customers
Cleverly lundy had underlined a whole
simple questions prevails loser cargo
or alonso yes I think I tend
rather to yahoo because somehow one
bit cooler than alonso and
alonso used to be matter of lena and
therefore find and only an old man
That's why I think I'm so sad
yes 07.02 heckmann lia
What do you think about sterling?
liverpool is worth only 50 million
but only 35 million robben yes i
guess that's because that
old is like alonso yes but that is
actually according to other things too
pretty much worth leon underlined how
ip underscored frank league what do you think
yes there bsc
hertha bsc is somehow nothing now
special it is not a good club though
does not have to be a club theme
like there okay canberra
underlined 96 if at which
you want to play soccer
his and his favorite color
where would I not even be with the el
clásico against barcelona at against real
and favorite color blue dave underneath
underlined dave 2001 underlined
quadriga in which city do you want to go
travel ps good videos in which cities
I would like to go to Cologne for a while
barcelona 90 70 came underlined
underlined 07 09
league with which little ones do you want
later , playing fcb 1 16 bavaria
and in the german national team
Michael Leuthold underlined when comes
the video today right in the
now steam is forgetting on a
Gymnasium or a realschule on one
Gymnasium on a gymnasium a something
higher nursery
because again the fell Hessian
friendly, how do you like toni kroos?
or bastian schweinsteiger l wise
very cool player only I could have
Maybe toni kroos necessarily sit
after something happens
Schweinsteiger is out there, I have
also made that is also in the
You can look at the description
and age of hard to have a clear what
Do you want to be later if not
footballer if you are not a footballer
can youtube or commentator or
something keeps me already 61 magician are
you in the startelf ps I 'm tempo
first yes hello hello hello hello startelf
Of course, what's the point?
So you can ask me, of course
ask again on instagram or ask
at youtube under this video in the
Write comments
have and the sum of diverse ask
and although I have a few colleagues from the
school